# kerbal-impact


https://imgur.com/JYfGjGG

Crash for science, profit and fun

We all know that crashing is fun, but did you know that it can also be useful? Our scientists have found two 
experiments that will return useful data from the resulting explosion.

This mod has two new science parts, the Bangometer (seismometer) and flashometer (spectrometer) as well as 
contracts for performing experiments with them.

Bang-O-Meter

The bangometer is available in the Space Exploration tech tree node

This experiment will analyse the seismic waves generated by an impact in order to get information about 
the interior of the body.

	1 Land a vessel with a bangometer anywhere on the surface of an atmosphereless body.
	2 Crash a second craft into the body as hard as you can. (You must be controlling this craft until impact.)
	3 Switch back to the landed craft. There will now be an experiment registered in the bangometer.
	4 Recover or transmit the result back to KSC.

Flash-O-Meter

The amount of science resulting from an impact is proportional to the kinetic energy of the impact. 
Once you have achieved a high enough energy to get the maximum science no more impact will give any further data

The flashometer is available in the advanced exploration node

This experiment analyses the spectrum of radiation emitted by the debris thrown up by an impact

 

Put a vessel with a Flashometer in low orbit around an atmosphereless body.
Crash a second craft into the body. (You must be controlling this craft until impact).
The craft with the Flashometer must be above the horizon in order that it can see the ejecta.
Switch back to the orbiting craft. There will now be an experiment registered in the flashometer.
Recover or transmit the result back to KSC.
 

The science from this experiment is not related to the impact speed (although there is a minimum energy in 
order to create the debris). The science is linked to the biome in which the impactor crashed and is 
repeatable for each biome.

Career mode

In career mode you will be given contracts to perform impacts on bodies you have previously visited. 
Both are completed by receiving the required data back at KSC. Bangometer contracts will specify a minimum 
kinetic energy required to complete the contract (KE=1/2mv2). Flashometer contracts specify a minimum 
latitude where the impact has to occur.

Asteroids

The Flashometer (spectrograph) can analyse impacts into asteroids if it is with 500km of the impact. 
As with the other experiments you should control the impactor until the moment of impact. Don't try to 
crash at to high a speed as it is quite easy to simply pass through the centre of an asteroid without 
triggering the KSP collision code